----------------------------------------------------------------------
To install Ginger
----------------------------------------------------------------------

1) Unpack the distribution files in some directory of your choice. 

2) In the "Ginger/Src" directory, take a look at the Imakefile. 
   If you don't have a working configuration of imake on your system, you
   may be able to use the file Makefile.solaris (the Makefile we use on
   the local Solaris machines) if you edit a few paths and compile flags
   according to your system; in this case, rename Makefile.solaris to
   Makefile.

   Ginger can be built with or without two "special" libraries: The XPM
   (X Pixmap) library to support color icons and the Elk (Extension
   Language Kit) library to incorporate Scheme as an extension language.

   Both libraries are disabled in the default makefiles. The Elk support
   in Ginger is currently very experimental, undocumented, and not
   considered ready for public use, so you'll probably want to leave Elk
   disabled. The support for XPM on the other hand is quite nice, so if
   you have XPM installed, you'll probably want to build Ginger with
   support for XPM.

   To change the default configuration, edit the file
   "Ginger/Src/config.h" and set USE_XPM_LIB (and/or USE_SCHEME) to 1 as
   desired. Then edit the Imakefile (or Makefile.solaris) accordingly
   (the comments in the makefiles should help here).

3) If you have imake, type 'xmkmf' in the "Ginger/Src" directory to
   build a Makefile from the Imakefile. 

4) In "Ginger/Src", run 'make depend; make' to build the program. 

5) Start the X Window System, if it isn't done already.
   Install the Ginger X resources found in the file "Ginger/Ginger.ad".
   You can edit the file to select your favorite fonts and colors, and
   to specify keyboard and mouse button actions. The default mouse
   actions are the following:
       left button   -   select or drag objects
       middle button -   set/drag the "hotspot"

   The on-line hypertext help contains more details about these 
   event-action bindings.

   There are several ways to install the Ginger X resources:
	a) As root, you can copy the application defaults
	   file "Ginger.ad" to an appropriate directory,
	   something like /usr/X386/lib/X11/app-defaults/ on a Linux
	   system. Name the target file "Ginger" 
	b) Or append the contents of Ginger.ad to your ~/.Xresources
	   file, then restart your X session.
	c) Or the simple way, type:
	       xrdb -merge Ginger.ad
	   Note: this command must be issued each time you 
	   restart X.

6) A couple of demo graphs is included in the "Examples" directory for
   testing purposes. You can jump to this directory and then test Ginger
   by typing "../Src/ginger"

   Ginger depends on a few support files, e.g. the hypertext source
   files,
	hyperhelp
	hyperhelp.index
   By default, the program expects to find these files in its working
   directory. You can however put the files in any directory you like,
   and then set the environment variable GINGERLIBPATH to the 
   relevant directory.

   Once the Ginger main window pops up, you can click the 'help' button
   to browse the hypertext documentation of the program.

